1.When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work local?
Remote repository allows to show project to anyone who are interested in it, but at the same time to track changes, 
set limited acces for making changes.


2.Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?
Manually pull allows to control process and provide more flexibility. Automatic update can cause conflists with files you are currently 
working on.
 

3.Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would you use one instead of another?

Branches are used in the same repository to make new feature, clones allow to copy .git repository with all commits to 
anywhere you need,fork provide special clone in GitHub with strict accces to changes of repo (pull request is needed).
Clone repo is useful if you want to work locallly rather in GitHub.


4. What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote stored locally?

It's useful if you are going to be offline for sometime, but still will be working on project. Also it allows to test merge or explore 
remote version features if you need.


5.How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier, and what would be harder?

Git is great tool, it's really helpful, provides nice support for non-linear development. COllaborating without Git or other vcs
complicates the work. Without vcs, probably, work need  frequent meetings and constant coordination of changes,
it causes inability to work on the next problem until the previous one will not be solved. I think usage of non-specific for software 
tools (like Google docs, etc.) will not solve such problem.


6.When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in master? What benefits does each approach have?

Making changes in separate branch allows to provide working version of soft in master branch and don't broke the system while 
creating new feature. Development in separate branch allows many people to work on many issues at the same time. 
Making change in master branch allow to do not get conflicts and do not make merdges.




